     CHAPTER 1
     
     ELIZABETH Present Day - Friday Evening
     
      Squinting at the dashboard clock, Elizabeth Dewhurst nervously ran a hand through her long, blonde hair, all the time trying to estimate how long the rest of her journey would take and what would be waiting for her once she got there. With at least five miles left to go, she was most probably going to be late. Something she really hadn't wanted, especially when Kirkwood Manor had been the last place on Earth she'd ever thought she'd return to. It had been a promise she'd made herself the last time she'd been here. But when Ada Kirkwood's invitation had dropped through her door, she'd seen the gold gilded card as a formal, veritable summons, with no easy option of turning it down. 'Ada Kirkwood formerly requests the presence of:
     Elizabeth Dewhurst
     For the 10-year memorial of her son,
     Thomas Kirkwood Unable to bring herself to throw it in the bin, she'd simply tossed it to one side, left it on her dressing table, and did all she could to ignore it. But like a beacon, it had beckoned her. Invited her to pick it up, to turn it over, and over in her hand. Hoping for answers. And eventually, she'd picked it up once too often. Couldn't ignore it any longer. Knew that the only way she'd ever stop grieving for the life she'd wanted, for what she might have had, was to go back. To make her peace with the Manor and the people who still lived in it.
     Especially as it had also been the first time she'd ever been officially invited. Even at Thomas's funeral, she'd simply turned up, stood in line, and listened to the million and one ways someone could express their sorrow. Which was why, ten years after his death, she'd found herself climbing into her car and heading for the Manor.
     Pulling the visor down as low as she could, Elizabeth sat forward and upright. The sun was unusually low for the time of year, and even though she wore sunglasses to protect her eyes, she still found herself squinting at burgundy clouds that were streaked with colours of orange and gold, making it almost impossible to see the long, winding lane that stretched out ahead.
     Ironically, they were lanes she used to know well, lanes she'd driven along a hundred times before. But also ones she'd never thought she'd travel down again and with her mind going into automatic pilot, she glided along in a hypnotic state, only broken by the bleep of her mobile.
     Hope you're okay. House is quiet without you. xx
     Smiling, she slowed the car toa stop, couldn't resist responding to her father, who for the first time in years, had the house to himself for four whole days.
     I'm almost there. Don't worry. xx ps: Aunt Peggy will look in on you. Phone if you need me. I'll be home Tuesday x Watching the dots immediately pulsate across the screen, she knew a response would come straight back and while smiling tenderly at the screen, she kept her foot on the brake, wound down the window, and took in a deep breath of fresh country air.
     
      I can't say I'm happy about you going. Can't help but think that house is cursed . But stay safe. I'll see you Tuesday x
     Blowing a kiss at the phone, she wished she'd stayed at home, taken him down to the local for their Friday night ritual of fish and chips, followed by a pub quiz, surrounded by friends. Flicking at the screen, she sent her response. Please don't worry. I'm fine xx love you loads xx
     He wasn't normally so protective, didn't normally mind what she did. But she knew how unhappy he'd been at the thought of her going back to the Manor, especially after what had happened before.
     'L know you love him, my girl? he'd once said to her, 'But I really don't like him and mark my words, no good will come of you mixing with his sort'
     Her father had always been a straight talker, had always had her best interests at heart, especially after her mother had died, and for many years, it had been down to him to make sure she'd got to school, that her homework had been. done, and that he earned enough money to put food on the table. And now, ten years later, she wished she'd have listened to his good advice. Especially after working out just how cruel Thomas Kirkwood could be.
     Sighing, she looked through the window and took pleasure in the way the countryside always felt a little different, how the fields went on for miles. A clear reminder of her time at the Manor, a place she'd initially seen as a peaceful sanctuary, a peace that had quickly been broken the moment their friends had arrived.
     Then, as though someone had picked her up and thrown her back in time, she could vividly see the police, the funeral, followed by numerous images of Thomas slipping beneath the water, along with a dark and oppressive eeriness that crept into her mind at times she didn't expect it.
     Gasping, she realised how long it had been since she'd suffered from flashbacks, how bad they'd been during the days following Thomas's death. They'd been the days when she'd vowed she'd never return to Kirkwood Manor. A promise she'd made to both herself and to her father. A promise she'd always intended to keep. That was until the invitation had dropped through the door and her sudden desire to return had been more than overwhelming.
     Manoeuvring the car along the lane, she felt the intermittent waves of nausea begin to rise and fall, along with a sharp spasm of nerves that hit her like a thunderbolt. Without warning, she felt the acrid taste of acid sear the back of her throat as she turned into the last road that stood between herself and the Manor.
     Taking deep, inward breaths, she did all she could to calm herself down. A little over enthusiastically her foot hit the brakes and painfully, she felt the seatbelt tighten around her. It pulled against her shoulder, constricted her breathing, and suddenly, it was as though she was back in the lake, but this time it was her that was sinking beneath the surface, drowning. Grabbing at breath.
     Looking down, she realised how forcefully her fingers had twisted themselves tighter and tighter around the car's leather steering wheel, until they'd gone white with the pressure. Forcibly, she counted to ten, prised her fingers from the wheel, and with annoyance, she rubbed them down her pale denim, ripped up jeans while fretfully looking through the windscreen, forcing herself to breathe.
     Taking a moment for herself, she lifted her gaze, stared at the tarmac, and followed the edge of the driveway as it coiled into the distance. Feeling as though she were concentrating just a little too hard, Elizabeth realised she could have literally counted each and every pebble. Each stone looking as though it had been positioned just for effect, nothing like the ramshackle way it all used to be. Taking in a deep breath, she slowly lifted her eyes upwards to see Kirkwood Manor magically emerge.
     'You're different, she whispered. It was a feeble attempt at making peace with the house. A way of bridging the gap between then and now. 'I know I left. But I had to. I... I couldn't stay.' She paused, questioned her thoughts, felt almost too afraid to say the words out loud. 'And if I'm honest, she glanced at her phone, could still see her father's words, the worry he felt. 'I made him a promise I thought I'd keep. I shouldn't be here.' She slumped back in her seat, staring up at the house, and with a determined effort, she pushed the car into gear and held her breath as it inched closer to the cast iron gates, where right beside them stood the new hotel signage. It was a sign that didn't belong. Not in her opinion. Not outside this house. Not ever.
     'Kirkwood Manor. Luxury Country Hotel' She whispered the words. Closed her eyes for a beat, tried to picture how the house used to be. How old and practically derelict it had looked. And above all that, how homely it had felt. With ahalf-smile, through rose-tinted spectacles, and while driving along it, she could still see the pot-holed driveway, the keepers' cottages, the broken stained-glass windows, and the way Thomas's father, Dominic Kirkwood, had reluctantly boarded them up after each and every golf ball had gone severely off course. Smiling, Elizabeth could still hear all manner of swear words comically falling from his mouth, each one a true English profanity, all shouted at a time when he'd been attached to a ladder, like a giant limpet. Desperate to hang on.
     Moving uncomfortably in her seat, she slowed the car, felt a sense of unease. Looking at the way it was now, everything had changed. It was as though its history had been permanently eradicated, cleaned up, and wiped out. Even the stone jamb and mullion windows had been newly pointed. The stone scrubbed clean. Perfect, stained-glass panes sparkled within the large, multi-panelled window frames, with not a single board in sight. It was a sight that made her both happy and sad in equal measures, and now she wished for the way it used to be. Her mind wandered along dark and eerie corridors which led to each of the rooms, where old Victorian furniture had stood lining the walls, along with the attic space, where she'd often gone to escape the crowd. A place where shadows had lurked in every corner, giving the whole house a ghostly and haunted feel.
     Jumping out of the car, she closed the door firmly behind her, and for a moment she looked down, stared at the newly laid gravel beneath her feet, and felt the need to bide her time. To take a breath before looking up and seeing the lake where she'd been told that a monument now stood. It was a monument she didn't really want to see; she couldn't bear the thought of reading the words. With a hand shielding her eyes from the stormy looking sky, she winced and looked back towards the Manor through painful, narrowed eyes.
     So many memories had begun and ended here and desperately, she tried to conjure up the good ones. But seemingly only the bad ones remained. And for a moment, all she could see were the images she wanted to erase from her mind and extinguish forever.
     Desperately, she tried to forget the past, forced her eyes wide open, and cast them intentionally over her shoulder to squint at the lake. Gasping, she held a hand to her brow, shielded her eyes from the light and watched the bright, reflective ripples bounce across the water's surface, until they reached the other side, where a newly erected monument to Thomas Kirkwood now stood.
     
