     CHAPTER 3
     
     WILLIAM Ten years before
     
      With pain exploding in his knees, William rolled onto the cellar floor and suppressed a scream. He closed his eyes as tightly as he could as the cellar door slammed to a close behind him. Once again, he realised that for the second time that week, he'd become a prisoner and that whether he liked it or not, it was going to be a long, cold night.
     Catching his breath, he groaned, pushed himself up, tried to get his bearings. Then cautiously and with one hand on the wall, he used it for support, and tentatively put weight on one leg first, and then on the other. His normal smile was gone and in its place was an angry, twisted sneer. Limping, he gritted his teeth, and began to slide his feet gingerly across the floor as he made his way across the dark and over filled cellar. He knew that at any moment he could collide with a Christmas tree or a rack of wine. Or worse, he could fall into the fuel store, which in winter would be full of coal. But now, in the middle of summer, it was practically empty. An expensive luxury the family could live without. Leaving a deep and dangerous void that in the dark would be perilous if fallen into.
     Shivering, William crouched down. Curled his arms tightly around his seventeen-year-old self and shuffled, slowly, to navigate his way through the gauntlet until he found a warm, dry area of the cellar. Every movement was calculated. Every inch of floor a possible hazard, during which he fully expected something to fall, or to land on or around him, knowing that once one thing had moved, the whole cellar was likely to collapse, like a giant deck of cards, all stood on their ends, all ready to topple, all at once.
     Staring, he focused on the tiny strip of light that surrounded the badly fitting door. It was his only indication as to whether it were night or day. And with deep inward breaths, he felt a new and more powerful rage tear right through him. A scream that began in his toes and travelled upwards with force. But before it could burst out of his mouth, he decided that screaming was not the way forward and instead, he needed to devise a plan, a way of making Thomas pay. Once and for all.
     With his eyes adjusting to the light, William realised that he'd been in the cellar more times than he could remember. First, it had been just one of the punishments handed out by his so-called-father and recently, something his older brother Thomas had begun to copy. Especially on nights like tonight, when all the friends Thomas had begun university with were at the Manor. Drink and drugs were free flowing and the beautiful women were everywhere. All of them wanted to grab themselves a Kirkwood and with Thomas's controlling ways, getting William out of his way was always high on his agenda.
     'I don't want you round these kinds of women, they're only out for one thing and that's to trap you into a lifetime of misery... into you getting them pregnant, marrying them. And this family doesn't need a scandal. Mother would be furious. Don't you get that?' Thomas had shouted just moments after catching William kissing one of the house maids. 'And what's more, I don't want you getting pissed, not at your age.'
     'I'm almost eighteen, you can't tell me what to do.' William had thrown back, 'And if I want to get pissed, I will'
     'Not if I have anything to do with it...' had come the retort, before Thomas and his friends had ironically thrown William into the cellar which was a prison full of alcohol, where box upon box of Champagne stood next to racks of wine and spirits. The amount of alcohol down there had always surprised him, seeing as the family had barely a penny left at the end of each year and yet for some reason his father wouldn't allow the cellar to run dry and more often than. not sold items of furniture, in order that he might replenish his stocks.
     Leaning against the wall, William rested a hand against a box of champagne. Considered opening it and drinking the contents, just to prove a point. But instead, he took slow, deep breaths. Tried to ignore the chill that surrounded him, the sound of small rodents he could hear scurrying around in the far and distant corners.
     'William...' The soft, whisper cut through his thoughts and into his dream. And for a short second or two, he shook his head, and gave himself a satisfied smile before remembering where he was and what Thomas had done. 'William, are you in there?' Once again, the voice echoed softly through the cellar.
     Stirring, William yawned, sat up and listened intently. He tried to decipher what he'd heard. Then, for a third time he heard Lizzie's voice, as it sang out almost musically in the darkness, like a soft, calm melody coming over a radio. 'William... it's me, it's Lizzie'
     "I... 'm here...' He knelt up and winced at the pain that remained in his knees, and through narrowed eyes he stared at the light behind the door, hoped for it to open, for Lizzie to be stood there. 'Lizzie, don't let him catch you...' he yelled as loudly as he could. And with eyes that searched the darkness, he prayed for release. Knew how much trouble Lizzie would be in if his brother knew she'd helped him. Deep inside, he wanted to shout, to tell her to go, to keep herself safe. But selfishly, he listened, waited, hoped she'd hurry. He stood with his back to the door, listened to her footsteps, the rattling of a chain that was followed by aloud bang, as what sounded like a lock was lifted and dropped. Each rattle was followed by another of Lizzie's exasperated sighs, a signal to him that his release wasn't going to happen anytime soon.
     'William, I can't doit. It's... God damn him, he's put a really heavy bar across the door and... well, there's a chain and a padlock' Sighing she stamped her foot. 'Do you think it would make a loud noise if I hit it. Just once with a hammer. I... [could get a mallet from Cookie's kitchen?"
     'Lizzie, don't. I've made a bed down here. Seriously... it's really comfortable. I'm fine. He lied, 'Go back to bed.' Knuckle rubbing his eyes, he felt the moisture within, grew angry inside and not because he was hurt, but because Lizzie was being kind. She was trying to help him when no one else would, putting herself at risk. Determined not to show any emotion, he bit down on his lip. 'He always does this. So, I threw a sleeping bag down here earlier today. It's really comfortable, honest.' Pausing, he considered his words, didn't like to lie, wanted to finish on a truth. 'And besides, he'll let me out before breakfast, before mother finds out, you know he will'
     Hearing Lizzie's feet shuffling across the stone floor and her voice drifting away, William resigned himself to along, cold night and slunk back down the wall until he sat leaning against it. He felt both frustrated and humiliated. And now he'd said it, he realised that maybe he really should have thrown a sleeping bag into the cellar, but on second thoughts, he knew how many mice were down there. How many would make it their home before he did. His thoughts fuelled his anger, and while sitting there wishing for the night to end, he considered revenge. Tried to imagine a way where for just one night Thomas would sleep in a place like this, feel the humiliation, along with the pain he happily bestowed on others.
     Then, at the far side of the cellar, a loud grating noise caught his attention. The sound of metal upon metal, until moonlight filled the cellar and he saw Lizzie peering at him through the fuel chute with eyes as big as saucers, her fear more than obvious.
     'I knew there was a way in and out of this damn cellar and just so you know, I would have come sooner. But your brother is furious and made it very clear that no one should help you.' She paused, nervously looked over her shoulder. Pushed her head further through the hole. 'So, I had to wait until he fell to sleep' She stared through the darkness, 'And I thought you said you had a sleeping bag' She pushed her head through the hole, tried to look around the corners. 'Where is it?"
     'Lizzie, listen to me. He took in a deep breath, held her gaze. 'I'm fine.' Looking down, he scratched at the floor with his boot. 'And you, you need to go back to bed before Thomas realises you're missing.'
     'But...'
     'No buts... now please. Giving her a half smile, he fixed his eyes on hers. 'Go back to bed, Lizzie. Trust me, it's for the best.'
     'You... you could climb out this way' She peered over the edge of the hole, saw the drop beneath. 'Or maybe not'
     Despondently, he took a step backwards, wanted nothing more than for Lizzie to go, to be safe and to be warm in her bed. Even if he hated the fact that her bed was the one she shared with his brother. 'Lizzie, I won't forget this.' He held her gaze for a moment too long, wished she were someone else's girl and not his brother's or that he'd have met. her first.
     'William...' With fear crossing her face, Lizzie spun on the spot, her hand reaching for the coal chute. 'Someone's coming? Suddenly, she was gone and from inside the cellar he could hear her running. A run that unexpectedly became halted.
     Staring upwards, he imagined her crouching. Hiding in the undergrowth. It was a thought that made his heart pound, his mouth grow dry. Terrified of what his brother would do, he had no choice but to create a distraction, to give her the time to get away and without any thought to what would happen to him, he pounded his fists against the door. Kicked at the frame. Screamed as loudly as he could. Until rattling could be heard, and the door sprung open to show Thomas stood in the doorway. His broad shoulders filled the frame, almost touched each side of the architrave and with a menacing look, he stepped through the door into the cellar and twisted his mouth ina cruel and suspicious way.
     "You need to be quiet, you little shit.' Reaching for a shelf high above his head, Thomas grabbed at a baseball bat he'd obviously hidden earlier, began to slap it precariously against his palm. Then immediately, his eyes shot to the coal chute. 'Who are you protecting?"
     "Why the hell would I be protecting anyone"
     'William...' Again, the bat hit the palm of his hand, then the wall. 'You wouldn't normally scream and shout. 1 know you so much better than that. It isn't your style. So, before I beat the living crap out of you... you're going to tell me what's going on.'
     "Do what you like.' Defiantly, William stood his ground, glared, and waited for Thomas to take a single step. As soon as he did, and with the rage of a bull, he lowered his shoulder, ran towards him, and heard Thomas groan as he fell to the ground. With a wry smile, William dodged past him and slammed the door. For a moment, he thought he'd got his wish. That Thomas would have to spend the rest of the night in the cellar, but as he spun around to lock the door, he cursed. The lock was missing and with no time to look for it, he angrily made a dash out of the back hallway and towards the stairs.
     'You'll pay for this" He heard Thomas's voice yell out, as the cellar door flew open. A single look over his shoulder showed him an angry Thomas, who stood there, the baseball bat still in his hand. 'If I find out who was helping you, I swear to God...' The bat bounced off of the door surround. 'I'll be locking them in there too. Is that what you want?"
     Shaking his head, William couldn't bear the thought that Lizzie would be locked in the cellar. Knew he had to protect her, and that even Thomas would quickly realise that it could have been her. And only by way of protecting her further did he suppress his anger, along with the overwhelming urge to take the baseball bat out of Thomas's hands and hit him with it.
     
